everybody 'welcome Agron or the language
binding of issac after birth plus where
the game has been merciful the game has
been bountiful I don't know if we can
use that phrase in that way either way
oh my god what a I mean it's good but
it's mean it's mixed it's got good
elements good speed horrible rate of
fire 15 is like I mean it's 50% worse
than average which is really bad HQ n 2
1 w HZ steven is a really really nice
item dude outbreak as well contagion is
a really really nice item as well but
this rate of fire is actually god-awful
trimmed woman I got so excited that she
was a loop I clapped what I saw it no
but shipped a loop you know I was
important for that room because I really
like would prefer not to ever have to
shoot any enemies if possible obviously
that's not going to be too likely but at
the same time barring a tears upgrade or
like a considerable improvement in our
lemme essentially are tears that I feel
like we're gonna be in kind of a weird
spot here and so one of those things
that's hard to articulate because I
think if you if you don't play that much
Isaac like if you're only a nerd and not
a turbo nerd like I am not that I'm
trying to people get weirdly like
defensive about that do you think you're
more of a nerd than I am no I don't mean
it like that I mean I've seen my daily
scores I know they're not always in the
top you know 33.33% repeating of course
but I hope that you got to put yourself
in my shoes on this one we're shooting
not quite half as often as we usually do
but still infrequently and that's it's a
problem for us
let's see if we can get lucky here it's
lemon mishap again it's not bad
obviously but we're looking for like
mister boom or even kamikaze probably
would have been fine there but you know
we did our shot that we didn't get it
life goes on let's go beat the boss and
now hopefully we'll get a bomb out of it
Dead Sea Scrolls has actually been like
remarkably good so far
one day that'll backfire okay the first
tears upgrade here was not as good as I
thought it would be but it's hard to
complain about getting an all stats
upgrade and in general I'm not saying
this is like a 2 out of 10 run it would
be probably close to a 2 out of 10
especially knowing that our HP actually
wasn't that good to start with but in
fact our HP was 0 to start with so we
must have started with only two spirit
hearts which makes it look even worse
but our damage said starting at 5 that
actually buys us like a lot of tolerance
for failure on this run at least early
on but we do need to improve our DPS
like the S part of our dps is remarkable
that actually makes no sense because the
as part of dps is second and I don't
think you make my correct me if I'm
wrong but I read the news this morning
and I don't remember you know landmark
decision the length of time known as one
second has been changed now it's 1.1
seconds I did see the news that Amazon
bought whole foods and know what to
think about that as someone who
occasionally Shops at Whole Foods and
frequently orders from Amazon I was like
I mean I did tell me what to think is
all I'm asking I feel like I should be
negative about it because it's a
consolidation of two large businesses
and Whole Foods is already expensive but
also at the same time Amazon I know that
they have a perhaps of reputation for
not treating their workers that well
what I mean by that is not that they
don't get paid well but that they you
know this calls for them to unionize but
anyway the point is I'm not trying to
get into a labor dispute here that I
don't even understand the point is
Amazon is like one of two tech companies
where I'm like I should see it coming
that they will eventually be the company
that makes Skynet but for now I like
them it's like with I mean I know I make
my living on twitch in YouTube so what
I'm about to say is not business
really surprising but it's it's Amazon
and Google mostly where I'm like you
know you guys you got a good head on
your shoulders keep up the good work I
guess I'm lucky you know daddy longlegs
was it was a decent pickup by the way Oh
Tammy's had saved me like let me just
put it this way there are other
companies like I still use uber but
obviously there's been concerns about
uber recently I feel like I would be
more apt to boycott uber if it was in my
area so instead like we were living in
the Stone Age I Dino Hoover has problems
as well I'm not trying to dispute that
whatsoever I don't know what I'm going
to reroll that into so we should just go
yeah let's get the heck out of here this
is gotten into some because now you
can't support a company every supporting
a company especially when their policies
are known is is sometimes almost like a
business decision and I long for the
days when things were simpler but we
can't necessarily go back to that time
so I know overs got concerns about
safety and workers rights and etc etc
but we're still rolling like just taxis
in Vancouver we haven't been
quote-unquote disrupted yet and that's a
good thing you know my grandfather was
actually a taxi driver whenever I tell
people like oh yeah when I go to the US
I use like ride-sharing programs they go
you don't know what it's like I know
what it's like it's it's a racket man
got to pay like you know eight hundred
thousand dollars for the taxi medallion
or wait until somebody in your family
who has the taxi medallion dies just for
the privilege of being able to drive
taxi which is not a you know an
extremely thankful job in and of itself
you people skipping out on fares and
being jerks ferrying around drunk people
all the time you know but that's that's
your lot in life when you provide that
service and you do get paid for it but
like just so much cheaper to use the
ride-sharing I'm sorry I find myself
being like not to mention like we're I
don't know this it's almost it's funny
that I feel like I shouldn't be talking
about
like this is a controversial issue for
me but like this stuff we say behind
closed doors every time we get in the
taxi it's like you know the taxi driver
is on their phone or they're driving
like a freakin maniac
please be Krampus because otherwise I
can't take that driving like a maniac
asking questions that are a little too
personal whenever I get into a new
variety like I'm being driven around by
somebody not necessarily was like a
hundred percent committed to like oh
dude please sir would you like to you
know I brought some bottled bottled
water for you I'm like that's too far
man this is this whole ride is costing
me like 1/8 of what it should so please
do not spend any more of your money
trying to make my easy existence even
easier although I appreciate it at the
same time it's not East anyway what I
was getting at is like you know with the
concerns that people have over over it
over was like we bought which I'd be
like mm I don't know about this with
Amazon I was like I'm mostly ok with you
because you are a kind bar delivery
service as far as I'm concerned we
should crack into this I think I don't
know it's complicated I shouldn't be
talking about issues I don't fully
understand that's the general gist of it
more like the older I get the less I
feel like I have to understand every
issue and I think it's where you know
when people like you approach being out
of touch when you start having opinions
on issues on opinions on issues where
you don't have a decent profile of all
the available information but you still
for some reason care to have an opinion
and I'm not quite there yet I'm at the
laissez faire point of I don't really
care to educate myself about this issue
or at least all issues so instead I'm
just going to choose not to have an
opinion about this issue because I'm
lazy and selective in that in that
mindset all I know is when we when we
were at e3 last year Bloom map
runs just I mean we got a better rate of
fire now I'm not really complaining but
we were at e3 last year we took a taxi
from LAX to our hotel and it was like
actually $60 and then when we came back
from our hotel to LAX we took an uber
and it was like you know what let's
lipstick with Dead Sea Scrolls let's see
if we can make something happen we took
a taxi or sorry we took an uber from our
hotel to the airport and it was like $14
you got to do a lot to make up for that
like 400% difference in price in terms
of like why I won't use the service I
think in other news water is wet the
earth is round there's another
controversial opinion you get the idea
anyway
three minutes in here what's the profile
of the run it's actually statistically
pretty great now obviously our space bar
item is not that good but I want to give
it the chance that I feel it deserves
and to be honest with you our damage
could be a lot better and I think that
we probably have ended up being slightly
inhibited on this room because we had to
curse the blinds in a row but that's not
really that awful maybe we've saved
ourselves from taking a deal with the
devil that we would have taken if we'd
known what it was but would still have
been too risky for example you know if
there'd been like a shade in there and I
add one spirit hard left after I took it
I might have gone for it it's
conceivable I'm not always the sharpest
tool in the shed we don't have a curse
at all on this floor okay good good good
the others like with no HP it's not like
we've got a per throat our way through
that situation either so um for some
reason I guess because we look like
Azazel I was like where is hazel but
we're not as hazel
so we don't need to take tapeworm but
that wasn't even tapeworm now that I
think about it that was actually wiggle
worm so there's like actually zero
reason to use that so okay proptosis has
actually completely changed the
the tone of this run we will now win
probably easily which is really exciting
I mean it's not the first time I've ever
won a game in the binding of issac but
you know what you've gotta act excited
nonetheless because you never know these
runs are always like on paper they're a
dice roll whether or not you're going to
get the tools necessary to succeed
without tutu my own horn because I don't
think you know we even had a
double-digit streak in like a month
but without without Tooting my own horn
one of the only ways one of the most
likely ways that we lose is just from
having garbage stuffed show up so as
long as we know that we don't have
garbage it eliminates the possibility of
us being forced to lose instead it means
that there's only two possibilities a
thankless win where everybody goes well
of course you on that one or a horribly
embarrassing loss where people go are
you feeling okay this is like you jokes
so in a way we got to reveal the extra
pressure to get that win because if we
don't get the win then it's going to be
you know a nightmare a social nightmare
anyway doesn't really matter in the
whole scheme of things that's they came
across as like needlessly nihilistic
great twitch name by the way those
really matter in the little scheme of
things nah man I mean in a way it does I
think you got to take pride in your work
and it's really difficult to take pride
in your commentary I mean that sincerely
like there you might think that this you
know off-topic stream-of-consciousness
you know coming up with bits that are
supposed to be funny at runtime is is
very easy and in a way it is at least
effortless effortless but it's not easy
you know it's not like a faucet you can
just turn on and off you kind of it's
like water
divining is that the word that they use
that's not real right the thing you hold
like a stick and try to find water you
know it sounds like I'm an idiot you
know you find a four
divining rod and use the divining rod to
find water in the ground am i I will
suggest that just by saying this by
describing this anyone who's not heard
of it is going to think that I'm having
a stroke live on camera but like this is
it's a real genuine thing and by real I
mean people do it I don't mean that it
really works but you know what this is a
good opportunity for NL's Wikipedia
corner wiki water looky looky look at
water wicked wiki water water divining
okay water divine underwater diving no
that's I search water diving water
diviner there you go okay dowsing that's
it dowsing is a type of divination
employed and attempts to locate
groundwater buried metals or ores
gemstones oil gravesites or many other
objects dowsing is considered a
pseudoscience and there's no scientific
evidence that it's any more effective
than random chance really you think I'd
be surprised a 1990 double-blind study
was undertaken in Kassel Germany under
the direction of the Gessle shafa sir
vicen shaft lickin I didn't make that up
on Thurs suckin Vong para visa in
shopton the Society for the scientific
investigation of the parents I para
Sciences James Randi offered a $10,000
prize to any successful dowser all the
dowsers signs then it stated agreement
stating it was a fair test however the
results were no better than chance and
thus no one was awarded the prize get
stopped buddy James Randi wins again
but yeah that's that's what my
particular brand of comedy is like
sometimes I got to throw leaves out
there and then just see what hit so what
I'm essentially saying is that my brand
of comedy is a fraudulent pseudoscience
practiced exclusively by charlatans and
largely debunked in the modern era I to
be fair I feel like watered I mean they
called it something of dowsing that's
right I've always heard the term water
divining but anyway I feel he has a sort
of thing I heard about occasionally as a
child and have literally not heard about
in like at least 10 years I don't know
it's been a while at least I don't think
it's necessarily dead I think it's more
just like I'm more careful about the
company I keep maybe
dude we should reroll that out you don't
get too many opportunities to reroll
skull items they gave us sad bombs which
is of course you know exquisite and
continue moving on here that's one of
those pseudo-sciences where I go like
it's not fair because it probably
started in like the 1700s or something
like that and then I don't mean this to
be rude but people are Dumber back then
and I there's there's problems with
today's society without a doubt and I
don't deign to know how to fix them
that's the first step is identifying the
problem the second step is fixing it I
haven't gotten to that point yet and
probably never will but you know we are
so skeptical as a generation you know
anytime we see anything all fake
Photoshop but that's as annoying as that
isn't the people like hand-wringing
can't we hit can't we believe in
anything anymore no it's a good thing it
means you know a healthy skepticism is
positive it makes you more resilient to
being you know taking advantage of
basically does it make you more jaded
yet to some extent but I think you can
find a balance that you know protects
you without ruining your ability to find
joy in anything we definitely want this
I think
why I take one makes you larger I mean
at this point just just for just fun but
you know back then they didn't have
Wikipedia you know if you own like one
book you were the second richest man in
your town next to you know the minister
so you'd be like oh yeah we I just hold
this fort twig and then I find ground
water you're like wow that's amazing
world works in mysterious ways right
feel like you just kind of can't do that
anymore and you were like like I just I
can't even talk about something that
actually happened to me without people
being like fake and you're gonna tell me
that you're gonna walk around being like
this branch finds oil yeah okay I wonder
sometimes I feel about like like a
horoscopes as well in it if you enjoyed
horoscopes as like as entertainment this
is not meant as a damnation whatsoever
but an actual like prediction of of how
your week is going to go maybe it's
because you know I live in the city and
I keep company that is as smarmy as I am
but I'm like I don't think I've heard
anybody talk about horoscopes in a way
that was not like derisive in a long
time man and I was putting them all on
blast today water diviners uber and
horoscopes no sacred cows man let's do
it whoa I did not know that you're going
to be like how did you not know that but
I think that might have illuminated us
her a lot of people you think like 5-1
makes you larger it gives you stompy
what a horrible gift also I do not have
stompy or I mean because I'm flying I
don't have stompy even though it works
with every other combination sure okay
whatever
I don't know man is just it's weird I do
feel like to some extent we sort of like
lost we've lost something as a society I
think it's worth what we've gained many
people are still getting scammed there's
no doubt about that like probably like
1/4 of the telephone calls I get our
attempted scams I think is like hey your
packages here and then there's uh we
tried to deliver your package but no one
was there you liars I never leave you
I'm here the whole time but you know
what I understand it's our job I'll I'll
go pick it up it doesn't bother me kids
need a reason to get out of the house it
does bother me but let's not make any
more enemies in today's episode and then
there's like you know hey no please give
us a call back at the dentist's office
or your car dealership you know you got
a your next maintenance appointment is
coming up for either your teeth or your
muffler and then I don't know anything
about cars or teeth for that matter and
then there's like hey oh yeah this is um
it's Bill Gates from Microsoft : your
computer's got a virus can you uh give
us a call back that's the one quarter
right there dude magic mush I was just
about to say screw this I'm not using Oh
I'm not using I'm not using come not
using my bombs to get any more rerolls
here I'd rather just use my money
because we have sad bombs but that last
reroll came through in the clutch if
you're like I'm this is kind of a weird
question but if you're like 14 have you
ever lived in a world without cellular
telephone spam
look at that 999 all honestly what we
should do right now is just blow it up
and then say we finally did it we took
our donation machine back to back to
relative safety because
it might surprise you I'm not trying to
double back in my day you know six years
ago but now they're sincerely used to be
no cellphone spam at least there used to
be highly limited I remember like
probably around like 2008-2009 I started
hearing about cellphone spam and I was
like how do you even do that
like you got to send a cellular
telephone spam message to somebody it
seems so so strange obviously in this
day and age it happens like all the time
but well it actually it doesn't happen
as much as email spam I guess but still
that's why I have essentially be have
you seen the big short I've essentially
become Brad Pitt from the big short it
would sometimes if like let's say we're
have like a clothing store and Kate buys
a shirt now again we get like an email
address to register their shirt to I'm
just like no no thank you
I'd rather not and they're likely just
like we're not going to do anything with
your tape can we get your email address
now how about a phone number also no
thank you if possible and I get that it
makes me look like a paranoid weirdo
because I'm self aware but at the same
time I'm like excuse me what happened
there at the same time though I'm like
you know old Navy you got no reason I'm
not doing boss rush I mean like our
stats are good but I'm not doing boss
rush for a room bag on a non daily you
know that's where I draw the line I'm
like Old Navy you don't need to know my
email address here's my relationship
with Old Navy hey there's the old Navy I
can go in there and buy shirts I don't
need you to email me and be like we got
shirts I know
hey we got a sale on this week I know
you always have a sale on that's oh I've
been waiting to buy that shirt normally
it was $22 now it's on sale for twenty
one fifty I got to go down to Old Navy
buy that shirt you don't need to have my
email address you certainly don't need
to have my phone number
never in my life has there ever been a
situation where I've come back from an
Old Navy and been like you know oh I
wish the old navy representative would
call me because I got a lot of questions
about how to use this show
our relationships Thompson ends you know
when you say have a nice day and I say
thank you you too or what happens more
likely enjoy your new outfit yeah you
too oh what's what I meant to say was
have a good day you know there's no need
to add in all this excess data here to
complicate it it could only be misused
because there's no proper use for it and
then like sometimes they have like the
privacy policy on the store counter and
they're like we keep your data safe and
I'm like well sorta BAE I believe that
you intend to but at the same time like
I don't know the 16 year old sales
associate is the person that I'm going
to inundate with self-righteous
questions about oh do you guys a hash
and salt my phone number in your
database like the answer is probably yes
I assume but anyway the point is it's
not like it happened I get that it's
part of it is they might sell your
information advertisers that actually
does not bother me when people go like
you know I know I delete all my cookies
because I don't want targeted
advertising I'm like you are entitled of
that opinion but I also think that
that's a little ridiculous targeted
advertising in my I mean again kind of
like avoiding biting the hand that feeds
for one but I genuinely am like I'm not
concerned about targeted advertising if
I was looking at sometimes people get
like offended they're like I was looking
at shoes online for two hours and then
Google showed me an ad for shoes like
Dae Big Brother and I'm like yeah but
like it's not I'm not going to be
self-righteous about it to the extent of
like while it may get the ads are better
because they're targeted but if that
works for you then it works for you I'm
not going to I'm not going to insult you
by suggesting they you know you couldn't
follow that line of reasoning for
yourself however I don't mind targeted
advertising what I do mind is like Kate
and I purchased some tea from a tea
store recently that's the the leafy you
know brewed beverage not the
secondary sex hormone testosterone also
commonly referred to as tea and the dude
at the counter was like hey can we get a
phone number for this account I was like
nah it's tea I don't need a consultant
and I don't need you to ever like text
me and be like how's the tea if it's
good I'll come back if it's bad I won't
it's a tale as old as time it's the
fundamental underpinning of our
capitalist society - and you know I'm
making myself look like some kind of
weird techno Robin Hood or something
here but to their credit nobody has ever
been like I need a phone number you
can't have the tea but I just I just
don't understand
I mean I'd okay that's not true I do
understand but I don't understand why
nobody else saying no it's not that it's
a big deal it's just that it's
completely unnecessary I want to I want
to create the culture I want to point
out that I am actually socially
competent I don't go out wearing like a
fanny pack on backwards or something
like that going like you know oh yeah
I'm a sovereign citizen you know I don't
I don't do that you know what I'll tell
you what I'm not going to I want
permanent Polaroid invincibility for
this I'm not going to go do the hush
fight but I am going to go play this guy
because now that we have nine lives I
think we can afford - I actually I'm
nice to serve his people dokdo just blew
him up again I understand the retail is
a tough job you got to deal with morons
like me all day I worked a goodwill you
it's like retail plus people drop off
literal garbage and go oh you can't sell
my garbage what do you mean like I know
there's actual animal feces in the in
the box that I brought in but you can't
just like clean it and then sell the
shirt sitting for 75 cents each you know
that's not cost-effective man this is
not for profit company anyway the point
is
I want it to be okay to say no so I am
in the pettiest sense I'm Mahatma Gandhi
be the change you want to see in the
world they say can I have a phone number
for this account and I say nah that's
okay
you know what you got to give me
something if you if you offer me a
discount I'll think about it that that's
an offset for the risk if you're like
we'll bring you exclusive offers I'm
like nah I don't like trading away
Steven Stamkos for future considerations
I need something concrete you know you
can talk to my lawyer and we'll discuss
the you know requisition of the email
address at a later date but for now I'm
not comfortable I just thought if you
buy like a computer hotter percent I
understand it you might have problems
with that computer here's your phone
number here's your email address you
know get in touch buy a card buy a house
these are like no-brainers okay buying
something expensive it helps to have a
contact and Slatin buying it sometimes I
go to the pet store you know and by
sometimes I mean like literally once
every three weeks to buy exactly the
same thing and they go got an email
address on file with us and like nah
dude let you want my customer profile
I'll give you all the information I need
I need to give you right now I buy the
same bag of cat food once every three
weeks and then every second time I buy
the cat food I also buy the exact same
brand of cat litter because they've run
out in like you know a two-to-one ratio
not quite guppy but the dream does
persist here
anyway I don't think that makes me
officially off my rocker yes I start
wearing like a Rorschach balaclava so
you know that all the CCTV cameras they
identify your facial signature you know
then we'll start talking about it but
for now you knows yeah when I go - oh
that's Anarchist Cookbook that is the
best anarchists cookbook of all time
actually though when I go to you know
London Drugs which is our version it's
like a pharmacy plus general story and
they're like you have a phone number I'm
like that's not what you're asking of
course I have a phone number it's the
year 2017
what do you think of some kind of weirdo
you think I'm nuts it's all spectacle to
you okay so we're going to we're going
to win this run and it's been a fast run
as well but like I am NOT a hundred
percent confident that it's going to be
automatic - by the way how many curses
of the blind you got to give a man on
one run sad bombs like sincerely should
basically kill everything I'm not
worried about permanent polar
invincibility right now the more HP the
merrier as far as I'm concerned on an on
a raw absolute level ignore the frames I
got a very important Skype message
that's probably about nothing at all
well you know what let's go to let's go
to Skype corner here okay I mean it's
not anything important it's just asking
if you wanted to play the Dark Souls
board game the answer is yes but
unfortunately I don't have time right
now and if you asked her my phone number
I'm a nice view I didn't feel natural
coming out of my mouth I apologize
copy and you can tell you right off the
bat that Ian's copy you know what and
this is what I meant earlier I said you
can't just turn the commentary faucet
like on and off you got to find it I
think we found it on today's episode we
found some disparate topics to talk
about
I am I participated in my brand my brand
of humor which is essentially taking
something absurd about myself
exaggerating it very slightly and then
you know playing it up to an extreme
sorry about that mouse pointer by the
way and and here we are I don't know
what that is well one thing's for
certain if there's any algae's in here
we just win all right
Empress Empress Empress Empress Empress
tell me the news I got a slight case of
statistical infuse okay well you know
they say always leave it on the high
note so I guess we'll be sticking around
for a little while longer
and no delirium portal so we're going to
go very fast around I hope you enjoyed
it wasn't intended to be rushed but that
curse of the blind brimstone pickup
really gave us a guarantee there but for
now thanks for watching hope you enjoyed
the episode if you did click the like
button
sounds like a great deal of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future it helps out a great deal thanks
again for watching and I will see you
next time